(eerie music)
(horse neighing)
(wheels clattering)
(man gasping)
(gasping and whimpering)
(dramatic music)
We are Shadow Garden.
Please, don't kill me!
(blood splattering)
We are Shadow Garden.
(OPENING THEME)
(light-hearted music)
So, tell me how it went
with Princess Alexia.
Hmm.
(slurping)
There's nothing more to tell.
We broke up and that was that.
You didn't even
make out with her?
(both smooch)
Nope, not once.
Ugh, what a waste.
You are a lost cause.
Fine, since you're such a wimp,
I know a place of business
that can HELP you.
A place of business?
What are you saying?
Not that kind of place.
I'm talking about Mitsugoshi,
the one everyone's
talking about.
They sell all kinds of stuff no
one's ever seen before.
They have this thing called
chocolate. It's tasty as hell.
Oh, I get it! You're saying we
use that to get girls to-
[Skel] Cid!
[Po] Come on, Cid!
[Skel] Let's go there!
[Po] Please, let's go, Cid!
(slurp)
If you really want,
then we'll go.
[both] Yeah!
(Skel and Po cheering)
I mean, I am curious about
what this world calls
"chocolate."
(birds chirping)
[Iris]
First, take a look at this.
[Sherry] Is that an artifact?
It looks to me like it's in
fairly good condition.
[Iris] After the
incident the other day,
we confiscated it
from a facility
belonging to an organization
that calls themselves
the Cult of Diablos.
But we know nothing about it.
So, Miss Sherry Barnett,
as you are the most brilliant
mind in the kingdom,
will you please decipher
this artifact for us?
Huh?
But I'm still only a student.
Are you sure you want me?
[Iris] No other researcher in
this field is better than you.
And rumors of your brilliance
have spread
all over town, Sherry.
[Sherry] Uh...
It's a good opportunity.
You should take it, dear.
[Sherry] Father?
A day will come
when you will travel the world
with your research.
Speaking as
assistant principal of
the Midgard Academy of Science,
I think it's a good idea.
But I...
Have faith in yourself.
I believe in you.
All right, yes!
To be on the safe side,
I will assign the Crimson Order
to keep watch over you.
Crimson Order?
Is that the
new order of knights
you recently established, Iris?
They're a small order
as of yet,
but they are knights
I can trust.
You can count on us.
Iris,
I want to be of service too.
[Iris] Alexia, but...
I have to know everything.
What is it that they're after?
Who are they really?
(Iris sighing)
Very well then.
But promise me
you'll stay out of danger.
Thank you so much, Iris.
I won't let you down.
(Sherry chuckles)
(horse neighing)
[Po]
Geez, these crowds are insane.
Current wait time to get inside
to Mitsugoshi is 80 minutes.
She said it's
going to be 80 minutes.
So,
what do you think we should do?
I think we can still make it
back to the dorms
before curfew,
but there are all those
rumors about a killer
going around after dark
butchering people.
[Cid] Wait, did you say killer?
[Skel] What?
Po, you're stupid.
Besides, we have three Dark
Knights on our team.
Oh yeah, good point.
So, about that killer...
[Kagenou] Fancy architecture
that's modern somehow...
It reminds me of my past life.
Everyone in line
is in the upper class.
I couldn't feel more
out of place if I tried.
[employee]
Hello, sir. Excuse me,
but may I have a
moment of your time?
I was hoping you
would be interested
in taking a survey for us.
Did you mean me?
[employee] Yes, we'd really
appreciate your feedback.
I'll take a survey!
I will too!
[both] Eh?
We only need one guest,
thank you.
(people talking indistinctly)
[Kagenou]
It's just like a department
store from my old life.
Chocolate, coffee...
I've never seen any of it
in this world before.
What is the deal here?
[Cid] Hey, I thought
there was a survey.
Huh?
(tense music)
(tense music swells)
(door creaking)
(tense music continues)
[Gamma]
We have long awaited your
arrival at our establishment.
Gamma, so this is your store?
Yes, sir.
I took it upon myself
to recreate,
in what meager way I could,
part of the wisdom that you
have shared with me, my Lord.
Oh sure, I get it.
Now that she mentions it,
I think I did used to tell them
random things from my old life
that I called the
Wisdom of the Shadows.
Do you want power?
[Kagenou]
But it was just little things.
Like for chocolate I'd say,
"If you take bitter beans and
throw a ton of sugar at them,
it's delicious once hardened."
Is it our brains?
Is it the difference
in our intellect?
[Gamma] It's so good to finally
see you again, my Lord.
[Kagenou]
But Gamma here is pretty smart.
I would even say she's the
smartest of the Seven Shadows,
but...
(gasps)
(groans)
She has absolutely
no athletic ability.
Ah...
Please, sir,
come sit on your throne.
[Cid]
You've got blood on your face.
(classical music)
(chuckles)
(giggles)
Yes...
Yes, I love it!
I feel like a king.
Like I've truly become the
Eminence in Shadow.
How did Gamma manage to build
this expensive setup?
(electrical discharge)
Your reward, take it.
(energy chiming)
(all sighing)
(sighs)
Uh...
It reminds me of the
beautiful light of life
that saved me from the pain
and despair I once suffered.
I'm not worthy of this honor.
I'll remember this day
for the rest of my life.
Great, so would you say
this shop of yours
is turning out a decent profit?
Yes, we currently have
franchises in major cities
in and outside of the kingdom.
and we are using
a mail order system
to expand to remote regions.
And for the organization,
we have approximately 1 billion
zen at our immediate disposal.
[Cid] (astonished) A billion?!
Uh!
Is that not enough, my Lord?
No, ah...
She used my knowledge to
build all this without me
and made a crap ton of...
No, calm down.
She did build this
giant place for me.
I should be happy with that.
(cha-ching)
But really, if she's made this
much money, I mean...
And I believe I know why
it is you have honored us
with your presence today,
my Lord.
[Gamma] This is about the
incident, is it not?
[Cid] What? Y-yes.
[Gamma]
The killer who has appeared
in the Royal Capitol...
The fools who donned
darkest black
and claimed to be
Shadow Garden...
We are currently investigating
the situation,
but we have yet to apprehend
the perpetrators.
But I swear to you that WE WILL
put an end to their misdeeds.
That's great.
Oh, yeah,
Po and Skel were saying
something about a killer.
A killer?
Ah ha...
I have an idea who it is.
I'll look into it.
Incredible, you've already
arrived at the answer?
No, I'm sorry.
With your immense wisdom,
my Lord,
I should have expected it.
[Gamma] Step forward!
This is the most recent member
to join the numbers.
Her name is Nu.
She hasn't been with us long,
but even Lady Alpha
acknowledges her skill.
Please use her as you see fit.
Hmm...
Please know it is an honor to
serve you, my Lord.
I'll call if I need you.
[Cid] Huh?
[Gamma] Huh?
Oh yeah,
I'd like to buy some chocolate.
Give me three of
your cheapest packages.
Chocolate?
I shall procure you
some of our highest quality
at a 100% discount.
[Cid]
100%? That's like free! Sweet!
[Gamma] Oh, you! (laughing)
(both laughing)
(footsteps running)
(all gasping)
Come on!
We're not gonna make curfew.
It's all Cid's fault,
flirting with that survey girl
for so long.
I'm sorry, okay?
I gave you chocolate.
Man, can't believe Alexia
would go around
killing people
indiscriminately.
I guess she's finally lost it.
She never made
any sense before,
but she's a princess,
she has it all.
What would make her
do these things?
(swords clashing)
(all panting)
Hey, hurry it up, will ya?
Come on,
we're gonna miss curfew!
(swords clashing)
Uh...
(Cid grunting)
(both gasping)
(ungh) Poop...
I have to... go poop.
I can't hold it anymore.
If I don't go right now,
it's gonna drip down my leg
while I'm running.
Oh, man,
that is pretty serious.
A choice of honoring the rules,
or his personal honor.
Just leave me here.
Go on without me.
Please,
I don't want anyone to see this.
But, Cid, wait!
We understand.
We'll never tell anyone that
you took a dump outside.
Man to man, you have my word!
I don't give a crap
what anyone says.
You made the right choice
here tonight.
I'll always believe that.
[Cid]
I can't... hold it any longer!
Please just go!
Oh, Cid,
we'll never forget your bravery.
Poop outside, Cid!
We'll always be your friends.
Go! Just go!
(Skel and Po crying)
(sappy sentimental music)
Okay, then.
Alexia,
doesn't really bother me
if you want to be
a homicidal maniac.
If that's how you want it,
you do you.
But if you're going to claim to
be from Shadow Garden,
that's a different story.
(swords clashing)
Sorry, I don't plan on letting
that go unpunished.
I've had enough of this.
Give it up!
(dramatic music)
[fake shadow]
We are Shadow Garden.
[Alexia]
That's all you ever say.
Is this really what the
so-called Shadow wants?
Huh?
(swords clashing)
Time to put an end to this.
(footsteps echoing)
[Alexia] Oh,
I see your friends have arrived.
(swords clanging)
(Alexia grunting)
(blood splattering)
You would do this...
to a delicate maiden?
(aggravated)
That's not very nice!
(breathing heavily)
We are Shadow Garden.
(gasps)
(blood splattering)
(THUD)
[Alexia] Wait, are you...
(tense techno music)
Fool who assumes the name
of Shadow Garden...
You will pay for this crime
with your life.
(music swells)
Wait a minute!
Tell me, what is it that
you are trying to do?
What do you use all that
magical power for?
(weakly)
What are you fighting against?
Stay out of it.
Wait, please... come back...
(classical music)
(gack)
(blood splattering)
Don't tell me,
you actually thought
you could get away from me.
(gasps)
[Nu] Brilliant.
Well done, Lord Shadow.
To think anyone could
apprehend them so quickly...
Please,
let me take it from here.
I will get information
from them.
[Shadow] Don't mess it up.
[Nu] I won't.
[fake shadow] Damn it all!
You're dead!
Sadly for you,
I am not as forgiving
as Lord Shadow.
(gasps)
[cult member]
I've lost contact with our
human puppet and two others.
(man chuckling)
So, the killer has
gotten himself killed.
What do we do about it,
Mr. Gaunt Knight?
Nothing,
we've learned the whereabouts
of the item in question.
Retrieving it is
our top priority.
(man laughing)
(gentle music)
[Iris] Anyway, I'm glad
you're all right.
And you're saying
that the killer
was NOT from Shadow Garden,
but was from a
different organization
that falsely assumed the name?
Yes,
that's what Shadow told me.
I met someone from
Shadow Garden
when I was defending
the Royal Capital
from those multiple
simultaneous attacks.
[Alexia]
And you said her name was Alpha?
[Alexia] What's wrong, Iris?
Huh?
It's nothing.
The other reports have all
confirmed what you've said.
They possess an enormous
power in combat.
But I can't learn
any more than that.
Shadow told me that
he was fighting
against the Cult of Diablos.
[Iris] Then I suppose
that is our best lead.
We may discover something
once the artifact
has been deciphered.
Iris...
Who do you think
is your real enemy?
Shadow Garden or
the Cult of Diablos?
[Iris] Both.
(gasps)
Because no one is
destroying my kingdom.
(train chugging)
[students] Check it out, man!
I think that's him.
-The guy who crapped his pants
while running home.
-The what?!
[Skel] Th-that was bad luck
yesterday, huh?
[Po]
Yeah, it was really rough, man.
I dunno, I think today's exam
is actually gonna be
a lot worse.
(both gasp)
Ah, anyway!
Did you bring the crap-
I mean, the chocolate
from yesterday?
Yes, I brought it.
[Skel]
Awesome, "Operation Gift Giver."
[Po]
(sketchy snickers) I can't wait!
(Skel stuttering)
I have ch-ch-chocolate for you.
(weirded out)
Look at Skel!
I can't believe he went
for an upperclass woman.
Nothing less for my handpicked,
natural-born
background character.
[guy] Hey!
What are you doing talking to
my betrothed, buddy?
No, I, uh...
[guy] Come with me, my friend,
and let's you and me
have a little chat.
[gal] Fine, but I'm
keeping the chocolate.
[Skel] What?!
[guy] You got a problem
with that or something?
[Skel] Uh, no, um...
(distantly) Help me, help!
[Po]
Well, I guess we're done here.
[Cid] Yep.
[Po] What happened to Skel
will never happen to me.
I've learned all about it!
From her friendships to her
favorite food...
The times, routes, pace
and numbers of steps
she uses to walk to
and from school...
As well as her skirt length,
the color of her panties,
and her bust, waist,
and hip measurements.
I am Po Tato, the ladies man!
Yeah-hoo, my fair lady!
(girl screams)
It's the guy who's
been stalking me!
[Po] No, I haven't! Cid!
[boys] What, a stalker?
-You stupid spud-head!
[Kagenou]
I guess I'll just give this
to the first girl I see,
so this background character
event will come to an end.
(sighing)
I knew it.
This code is very much
like the one my mother
had been researching.
[Cid] Here.
[Sherry] Huh?
You can have that chocolate.
Ah, thank you?
That's the boy.
(people talking indistinctly)
I wonder what this is?
(door opens)
(father coughing)
[Sherry] Father!
[father] Well, it looks like
you have some chocolate.
What's chocolate?
[father]
It's a high-end confection
that's very popular these days.
A boy handed it to me
this afternoon.
Oh, really?
He must have meant it
as a present for you.
Don't you think?
[Sherry] Huh?
(father chuckles)
It's what we call
"love at first sight."
Love at first sight?
(gentle music)
What are you going to tell him?
I'm sure he is waiting for you
to respond in some way.
But... But I'm... I've got...
Your research is important
but you also need to learn
how to interact with others.
That's an important part
of your school life.
Anyway, tell me,
how is this going?
[Sherry] I've only just
gotten started, so...
Yes, of course.
(coughing)
[Sherry] Father!
I'm sorry.
I'll call a doctor right away.
I... I'm fine.
I'll be okay.
Don't worry about me.
I've been feeling so much
healthier lately, really.
(sighs) I'm just thankful to
have such a loving daughter.
I'm the lucky one.
If you hadn't adopted me
when you did,
I don't know what
I would've done.
(gentle music)
Your mother was an
excellent researcher too.
She'd be so proud.
You can do this, my love.
[Sherry] Thank you, Father.
(ENDING THEME)